Hello dear 3 dear colleagues
with you svetlana falcon and good
to my video channel
Today I want to show you on a simple
master class how to design when
enamel gel paints
combination with foil
if you're interested stay with me
so go i modeled she is ready
sawed it polished and prepared for
I will work on drawing design
gel paints and now black
gel paint draw a small
fine brush drawing draw line
smiles
it is not necessary to introduce any thin
draw lines as you can draw
but
send to the lamp two minutes after
the black gel has dried out
translating ear to lion
fix the foil in the lamp for 20 seconds
now thin brush and enamel gel
paint fill all available places
mom
what it means and my gel ink
This means that there is no gel ink
no nacre and absolutely
absolutely
and graves
It was
wipe the brush in a dry cloth and
apply another color
so as not to wipe the brush each time
perform this conveyor drawing
lying
it is possible to apply both bright colors and
bed not
also at your discretion
at
but
send to the lamp for two minutes
overlapping work finish or you can
cover with a thin layer of modeling
clear gel do not forget that casting
this is a prominent design element therefore
may rub better
either overlap with two layers of finish or
modeling transparent gel and problems
You are such a simple design and you can
perform with enamel gel
paint combined with casting
it can be performed as on all foot
points and two
if you have any questions write
him please exploit about try on
them to answer if this video turned out
useful for you, put your fingers up
do not forget to subscribe to my video
channel see you very very soon with you
was svetlana falcon
bye Bye